README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# [Notepad Online](https://thatsinewave.github.io/Notepad-Online)

A modern, tabbed notepad application that runs in your browser with auto-save functionality and native file system integration.

**🚧 This project is a work in progress. Features and functionality may be broken or subject to change. 🚧**

![Notepad Online Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThatSINEWAVE/Notepad-Online/refs/heads/main/.github/SCREENSHOTS/Notepad-Online.png)

</div>

## Features

- **Multiple Tab Support** - Work with multiple documents simultaneously
- **Auto-Save Functionality** - Never lose your work with automatic saving
- **Native File Integration** - Open and save files directly from/to your device
- **Live Statistics** - Real-time word, character, and line counts
- **Responsive Design** - Works seamlessly on both desktop and mobile devices
- **Dark/Light Mode** - Automatic theme switching based on system preferences
- **Line Numbering** - Always visible line numbers with scroll synchronization
- **Keyboard Shortcuts** - Quick actions for common operations
- **Drag-and-Drop Tabs** - Reorganize tabs by dragging
- **Persistent Storage** - Maintains your work between sessions

<div align="center">

## ☕ [Support my work on Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/thatsinewave)

</div>

## Getting Started

Access the live version directly at:  
[https://thatsinewave.github.io/Notepad-Online](https://thatsinewave.github.io/Notepad-Online)

### Installation (Local Development)
```bash
git clone https://github.com/thatsinewave/Notepad-Online.git
cd Notepad-Online
# Open index.html in your browser
```

## Usage

### Basic Operations
- **New Tab**: Click `+` button or use `Ctrl+T`
- **Rename Tab**: Double-click tab title
- **Close Tab**: Click `×` on tab or use `Ctrl+W`
- **New Document**: File → New (`Ctrl+N`)
- **Open File**: File → Open (`Ctrl+O`)
- **Save File**: File → Save (`Ctrl+S`)

### Keyboard Shortcuts
| Shortcut        | Action                |
|-----------------|-----------------------|
| `Ctrl + S`      | Save file             |
| `Ctrl + O`      | Open file             |
| `Ctrl + N`      | New document          |
| `Ctrl + T`      | New tab               |
| `Ctrl + W`      | Close current tab     |

### Advanced Features
- **Drag Tabs** to reorder them
- **Automatic Dark Mode** follows system preference
- **Selection Statistics** shows counts for highlighted text
- **Auto-Save** triggers after 1 second of inactivity

<div align="center">

## [Join my discord server](https://thatsinewave.github.io/Discord-Redirect/)

</div>

## Technologies

- **HTML5** - Semantic structure
- **CSS3** - Modern styling with CSS variables
- **Vanilla JavaScript** - Core functionality
- **GitHub Pages** - Hosting solution

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you want to contribute, feel free to fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [GPL-3.0 License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by classic text editors with modern web capabilities
- Developed and maintained by [ThatSINEWAVE](https://github.com/thatsinewave)
- Icons by [favicon.io](https://favicon.io)

Commit message:

Added Contributors credits to README

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# [Notepad Online](https://thatsinewave.github.io/Notepad-Online)

A modern, tabbed notepad application that runs in your browser with auto-save functionality and native file system integration.

**🚧 This project is a work in progress. Features and functionality may be broken or subject to change. 🚧**

![Notepad Online Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ThatSINEWAVE/Notepad-Online/refs/heads/main/.github/SCREENSHOTS/Notepad-Online.png)

</div>

## Features

- **Multiple Tab Support** - Work with multiple documents simultaneously
- **Auto-Save Functionality** - Never lose your work with automatic saving
- **Native File Integration** - Open and save files directly from/to your device
- **Live Statistics** - Real-time word, character, and line counts
- **Responsive Design** - Works seamlessly on both desktop and mobile devices
- **Dark/Light Mode** - Automatic theme switching based on system preferences
- **Line Numbering** - Always visible line numbers with scroll synchronization
- **Keyboard Shortcuts** - Quick actions for common operations
- **Drag-and-Drop Tabs** - Reorganize tabs by dragging
- **Persistent Storage** - Maintains your work between sessions

<div align="center">

## ☕ [Support my work on Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/thatsinewave)

</div>

## Getting Started

Access the live version directly at:  
[https://thatsinewave.github.io/Notepad-Online](https://thatsinewave.github.io/Notepad-Online)

### Installation (Local Development)
```bash
git clone https://github.com/thatsinewave/Notepad-Online.git
cd Notepad-Online
# Open index.html in your browser
```

## Usage

### Basic Operations
- **New Tab**: Click `+` button or use `Ctrl+T`
- **Rename Tab**: Double-click tab title
- **Close Tab**: Click `×` on tab or use `Ctrl+W`
- **New Document**: File → New (`Ctrl+N`)
- **Open File**: File → Open (`Ctrl+O`)
- **Save File**: File → Save (`Ctrl+S`)

### Keyboard Shortcuts
| Shortcut        | Action                |
|-----------------|-----------------------|
| `Ctrl + S`      | Save file             |
| `Ctrl + O`      | Open file             |
| `Ctrl + N`      | New document          |
| `Ctrl + T`      | New tab               |
| `Ctrl + W`      | Close current tab     |

### Advanced Features
- **Drag Tabs** to reorder them
- **Automatic Dark Mode** follows system preference
- **Selection Statistics** shows counts for highlighted text
- **Auto-Save** triggers after 1 second of inactivity

<div align="center">

## [Join my discord server](https://thatsinewave.github.io/Discord-Redirect/)

</div>

## Technologies

- **HTML5** - Semantic structure
- **CSS3** - Modern styling with CSS variables
- **Vanilla JavaScript** - Core functionality
- **GitHub Pages** - Hosting solution

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you want to contribute, feel free to fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

### Contributors
- [Srivarshan-T](https://github.com/Srivarshan-T) - Thanks for improving the tab UI/UX, [Pull Request #3](https://github.com/ThatSINEWAVE/Notepad-Online/pull/3)

## License

This project is licensed under the [GPL-3.0 License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by classic text editors with modern web capabilities
- Developed and maintained by [ThatSINEWAVE](https://github.com/thatsinewave)
- Icons by [favicon.io](https://favicon.io)
